{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19100\viewh11200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Honours priorities\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ongoing\

\f1\b0 - Qs for AJ (during/after meeting)\
	- How much information can you extract from the gamma.spe and gg.esc files you gave me? Is it just a level scheme with energies alone, or can you also make spin-parity assignments?\
		- To make spin-parity assignments, angular distribution data is required (which we will collect using the CAESAR array so we will be able to do this). \
		- Using the CAESAR array and new shell model calculations (from Stuchbery, tbc) observed transitions within Cd-113 should be able to related to excitations within 		   the Cd-113 nucleus based on the shell model, thus ascribing physical meaning to these transitions. \
First experiments using Pd-110 will at the earliest happen at the start of April, which is the start of the next beam schedule. Before then, more Pd-110 has to be ordered, and some practice of creating and using targets using nat-Pd will occur (hopefully).\
\

\f0\b General logistics\

\f1\b0 - What exactly are the milestones for Honours?\
	Milestone 1: Research plan\
	Milestone 2: Mid-course seminar - midyear talk (2%) on 23 June (12 minutes w 3 mins question time)\
	Milestone 3: Major data collection, experiments and background reading completed - just a guideline\
	Milestone 4: Thesis draft submitted to supervisor and feedback returned by supervisor - just a guideline\
	29 October: Honours thesis due (71%)\
	5/6 November: Final talks (20 mins w 5 mins question time) (5%)
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Think about the following:
\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 How to make 113Cd \'97 beam/target combos, beam energy excitation function, calculations with Pace4 model
\f2\i  - done for now
\f1\i0 \
Literature review of 113Cd \'97 how has it been made before, summary of previous studies 
\f2\i - done for now
\f1\i0 \
Target making \'97 decide on material, check if we have it (if not, order isotope to make targets)\'a0\
Detector/CAESAR/DAQ set up in the lab\
\
Keep playing around with radware programs - planning to use this for analysis primarily (with ROOT and Python as back up analysis programs)\
- Work out how to build up level schemes using escl8r_gls (and other programs if required) - see student report in the dropbox for help\
- Current level scheme building plan is to use Mathematica and SciDraw package\
- Gamma-ray spectra will also be produced in Mathematica as spectra from gf3 etc. look crap. Using the program spec_ascii (in ~/Desktop/ANUCourses/Honours/rw05/src) and converting .spe to .asc (two-column) files gives the data in a format which Mathematica can read readily.\
\

\f0\b From http://www.nuclear.kth.se/courses/lab/latex/gammagamma/gammagamma.html:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 Some useful information for analyzing coincidence spectra: 
\f4\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rotational spectra often contain both M1 transitions and E2 transitions. Two M1 transitions the connect the same states as one E2 transition. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mutually exclusive quanta must be placed in separate branches of the level scheme. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All transitions in a cascade must ``see'' each other. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The total sum of intensities of the transitions leading to a level is the same as the total intensity of the transitions from a level. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The intensities of the peaks are also dependent on the efficiency curve (this matters for when you are trying to identify branching ratios).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \

\f0\b Unimportant
\f1\b0 \
Running ./xm4dg from ~/Desktop/ANUCourses/Honours/rw05/src results in \'93Killed:9\'94 - don\'92t know why but it doesn\'92t really matter I don\'92t think.}